oh he's come to kill me
this me he's here he's here happy help
me
the paper
Augustus Germanicus
technique
security scheppers to me despite this
from the highest place you can find it
the barbarians in the run the fat food
will be out so I've been wanting to play
this game for so long rise ever since
the first time I saw the demonstration
of them showing some of the combat I was
like wow I got to get my hands on that
game now I know a lot of people have
some critical things to say about the
combat they were saying you know pretty
much the whole game is quicktime button
mashing but as you see you do not have
to use that at all you can actually come
out here and put together combos but
when they have that little skull above
their head as you see right there then
you can press the right trigger and pull
off a an execution you know what I'm
saying but the combat on this game is
great it reminds me of Batman as you see
I'm doing an execution right here and
you see is lighting up different colors
that's different buttons that you have
to press they're color-coded you know
what I'm saying like the wine next
button so and check out the different
executions you can do it you see he's up
against the defense right there so I can
kick him off of the map this is a great
game folks the graphics are beautiful
the combat is amazing i'm loving it so
far i've always wanted a game like this
like a spartan type game because i am a
big fan of that type of stuff like 300
is one of my favorite movies of all the
time i love that move you can't wait for
the next one by the way so check out the
graphics look at the destruction
everything going on and rise and you can
put together these combos as you see i'm
going back and forth from these two guys
giving them that work you see your boy
out there based in and see they both
have the skull above their head so i'm
going to do like a double execution
check this out look at people and all
you do is match the right buttons but
like I say you do not have to do that at
all if you don't want to it's just an
option to do the assassinations of the
executions whatever you want to call
them now look at me now I'm on this
little machine right here pretty much
trying to help defend the palace you see
that's one of my objectives up there in
the top right corner palace defense
that's what I was doing right here so
moving right along I'm not going to show
you everything because I do want you to
this game out but I will bring you some
more videos is this is pretty much like
the first little boss battle a mini boss
about I had to go against his barbarian
dude and he's crazy look at him why
didn't bloom it just do this psycho look
at him his her his weapon is on fire so
they tell me I can invade using the B
button and as you see I'm putting
together some pretty cool combos while I
was missing right there I'm still
getting used to the game of course but
look at those graphics folks I cannot
say anything bad about this game yet but
as I play it more i will check back in
with you and let you know how i'm doing
on the game and it really is it doesn't
seem like it's that long I think there's
like eight parts to the campaign and
right now like I was playing it last
night and I already went through about
two parts so you could probably beat
this game in a few days but it is
amazing i love it i love the gameplay i
suggest you try it out I'm gonna bring
you some more pretty soon as I'm about
to execute this barbarian look at those
graphics and as always Alex and Nanty
pays the dead I swear it Damocles nah
mclees is a myth
only men kill men may attract the gods
make guidance will never interfere with
the affairs of mortals oh and what great
Oracle told you this general my father
we will be safely then I do believe we
will be safe I pray to the gods could we
will be safe we will be safe here
Emperor as safe as we can be safe if
safe think of opportunity what family
what's your name soldier Mary's but my
name is of no import my story 11 is